we're just releasing it to the public
now but we've been driving these boards
for like two years and this black ice is
like no joke the first second you put
this board on and you go do a nose slide
or a tail slide whatever you want to do
you're going to notice that instantly
it's like milk friction slides even does
not whack you're still sliding shouldn't
be new news that I like to slide I like
the slide as long as I possibly can with
this new black ice it really helps me to
do that that's that layer that you know
mainly when you're skating and you're
busting long slide you're gonna slide
through at the black ice it's always
slick no matter what that's why I love
it I'm serious dude
it's no joke it's no gimmick it's black
ice so two weeks ago I went to the Bears
run onto the boards I don't have no more
black guys so I had this board at home
like one of my first traffic setup that
board came for like five hours five
hours I've tried like switch back to
switch back something and I wasn't able
to flip out of the board a week later I
went back with a black high school and I
just did like two tries yeah that
consistent slide you know so like I did
I need to like flip out of the trick you
know I just got to use be skater dude
for like the past like two years and
then like I cannot skate anything else
it just feels completely different I'm
trying to trick in the ledge is gonna
take me like five or four hours whatever
you know we thought about guys you might
take me like four or five days who knows
you know I didn't expect anything you
know too drastic you know you always
hear about certain skateboard
technologies or this or that and you
know it never really makes a huge impact
on you know everyday skating so I kind
of was like a little hesitant about it
but you know I want I wanted to try it I
knew it was gonna help me slide better
so I just wanted to really try it out so
I just like you know purposely tried to
like stand on a nose slide and like that
okay like
you know and it you know it went it just
kept going so this is good just one of
those things that I thought it was cool
I think you should always be trying new
stuff and trying to make things better
and at least experimenting you know yeah
a black ice is kind of a truth like not
only does it like help you slide a lot
better the actual like the black ice
layer makes the board stronger black ice
holds the board together structurally
better and it doesn't let the board sort
of SOG out as easy and flatten out and
hold it spot longer so that's sort of a
side effect to it six plies of wood and
a seven ones to one that makes a strong
you know that's the only thing I've been
skating I can't skate anything else I'll
type to see people trying this too you
know let's see what I feel when I slide
my tricks it makes a graphic look
different to like it's super shiny
underneath it and so like once you start
skating off your graphic it goes into
the actual black eyes to board actually
stays looking pretty fresh you know I
think it's great for Plan B to try new
stuff and try and make boards better and
you you know be pushing that
construction and make life easier on the
skater so I think that's good